add information regarding using cookstyle comments to enable/disable cops (#3194)
chef/chef-workstation: docs-chef-io/content/workstation/cookstyle/_index.md

`inherit_from: .rubocop_todo.yml` to the top of the .rubocop.yml file.

{{< /note >}}

> ## Cookstyle Comments in Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable Cookstyle cops in code
```

> You can also use `cookstyle` specific comments in your cookbook code to enable or disable cops instead of the standard `rubocop` comments. We think that it will be easier to understand the cops that you intend to control if you use `cookstyle` comments. You can continue to use the existing `rubocop` comments, if you prefer them, since both types of comments will be honored by Cookstyle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Cookstyle-specific comments in your cookbook code to enable or disable cops instead of the standard RuboCop comments.
If you prefer them, you can also use RuboCop comments to enable and disable cops.
```

> RuboCop comment to disable a cop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable a cop using a RuboCop comment:
```

```ruby
'node.normal[:foo] # rubocop: disable ChefCorrectness/Bar'
```

> Cookstyle comment to disable a cop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disable a cop using a Cookstyle comment:
```

`inherit_from: .rubocop_todo.yml` to the top of the .rubocop.yml file.

{{< /note >}}

## Disable Cookstyle cops in code

Use Cookstyle-specific comments in your cookbook code to enable or disable cops instead of the standard RuboCop comments.
If you prefer them, you can also use RuboCop comments to enable and disable cops.

Disable a cop using a RuboCop comment:

```ruby
'node.normal[:foo] # rubocop: disable ChefCorrectness/Bar'
```

Disable a cop using a Cookstyle comment:

```ruby
'node.normal[:foo] # cookstyle: disable ChefCorrectness/Bar'

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

Disable a cop in a section of a file using a Cookstyle comment:

```ruby
# cookstyle: disable ChefCorrectness/Bar'
'node.normal[:foo]
# cookstyle: enable ChefCorrectness/Bar'
```

```
